Brazilian E-Commerce Public Dataset by Olist
Welcome! This is a Brazilian ecommerce public dataset of orders made at Olist Store. The dataset has information of 100k orders from 2016 to 2018 made at multiple marketplaces in Brazil. Its features allows viewing an order from multiple dimensions: from order status, price, payment and freight performance to customer location, product attributes and finally reviews written by customers. We also released a geolocation dataset that relates Brazilian zip codes to lat/lng coordinates.

This is real commercial data, it has been anonymised, and references to the companies and partners in the review text have been replaced with the names of Game of Thrones great houses.

Join it With the Marketing Funnel by Olist
We have also released a Marketing Funnel Dataset. You may join both datasets and see an order from Marketing perspective now!

Instructions on joining are available on this Kernel.

Context
This dataset was generously provided by Olist, the largest department store in Brazilian marketplaces. Olist connects small businesses from all over Brazil to channels without hassle and with a single contract. Those merchants are able to sell their products through the Olist Store and ship them directly to the customers using Olist logistics partners. See more on our website: www.olist.com

After a customer purchases the product from Olist Store a seller gets notified to fulfill that order. Once the customer receives the product, or the estimated delivery date is due, the customer gets a satisfaction survey by email where he can give a note for the purchase experience and write down some comments.

Attention
An order might have multiple items.
Each item might be fulfilled by a distinct seller.
All text identifying stores and partners where replaced by the names of Game of Thrones great houses.


巴西电子商务公共数据集由Olist提供
欢迎大家的到来! 这是巴西电商公共数据集，收录了Olist Store的订单信息。该数据集有2016年至2018年在巴西多个市场平台所做的10万个订单信息。其功能可以从多个维度查看订单：从订单状态、价格、支付和运费表现到客户位置、产品属性，最后是客户写的评论。我们还发布了一个地理定位数据集，将巴西邮政编码与纬度/英度坐标相关联。

这是真实的商业数据，它已被匿名化，评论文本中提到的公司和合作伙伴已被替换为《权力的游戏》中的大公司名称。

奥列斯特营销漏斗加盟吧
我们还发布了一个营销漏斗数据集。你可以加入这两个数据集，从营销的角度看订单。

加入的说明可在此内核中找到。

语境
该数据集由巴西市场上最大的百货公司Olist慷慨提供。Olist将巴西各地的小企业与渠道连接起来，没有麻烦，只需一份合同。这些商家能够通过Olist商店销售他们的产品，并通过Olist物流合作伙伴直接向客户发货。更多内容请见我们的网站：www.olist.com。

客户从Olist商店购买产品后，卖家会收到通知，履行该订单。一旦客户收到产品，或预计交货日期到期，客户会收到一份电子邮件的满意度调查，他可以在邮件中对购买体验进行说明，并写下一些评论。

注意事项
一个订单可能有多个项目。
每件商品可能由不同的卖家完成。
所有标识商店和合作伙伴的文字都被《权力的游戏》大厂的名字所取代。